DANCE-TRANSMIT
Dance is the universal language of the soul. Do you want to say something? 
Dance it out on the EUREKA 2015 stage. The stage is all set for you to bring out the marvel in you. 
The stage is all yours to set on fire with the enigma trapped in your ribcage.
 Tap your feet to the best of rhythms and let the world be spellbound. Dance it out! Register Now!


SURSARTAJ-As immortal Shakespeare said in his wise words “If music be the food of love, play on”. 
Because we all know where words fail, music speaks. So live in music than in years. Don’t just be a nightingale who sits in darkness, 
come out with your sweet sounds and cheer your presence in the world. Just a step away from glory! Here is the perfect opportunity for you to capture the crowd with your vocal abilities! 
Open your heart out, and let the voice do it for you. Register now!

MR. & MISS EUREKA- Personality begins where comparison ends but with cut throat competition in EUREKA 2015 for Mister and Miss EUREKA, 
we believe that comparison is never going to end. The walk, the style, the language, the attire and the X FACTOR is what gets you on stage and brings the title. 
Register and be part of one of the most awaited events of EUREKA 2015.

 BAND WARS- Music is a moral law. 
It gives soul to the universe, wings to the mind, flight to the imagination, and charm and gaiety to life and to everything. 
Are you a part of your college band? Do you think you can make the crowd sway to YOUR music? 
 Bands Wars is a competition in which two or more bands compete for the title of "best band". 
The winner is the one from whom the audience couldn’t stop demanding an ‘encore’. So, what are you waiting for? Register before our slots are taken!

DRAMA,INVICTUS- 
Everything that can be said, can be said clearly. 
Say it clear through our street play, “INVICTUS”. 
The main aim is to convey a social and political message in an entertaining environment, 
amidst the intimate and effective means of theatre by means of shout, chants, drums and catchy songs.
 Get ready to be stimulated and informed all at once in the Street Play or what our country calls it, the INVICTUS.
 Deliver the nation, a beautiful message. Register Now!


CLOUD COMPUTING WORKSHOP-Relieve the excitement of the most enthusiastic event of EUREKA "CLOUD COMPUTING WORKSHOP".
 We Let you confront through a  Technical blend of clues and creative challenges are designs to get your thinking out of the box and off the wall. 
Dive deep into the locale & be a geek of cloud computing . With so many challenges ahead, team of 3 must work as a unit from the start.
 Come in and Let yourself Grow into this technical cosmos . Register now!




GEEK QUIZ- Growing up with bourn vita’s quiz to  Kaun Banega Crorepati,We at EUREKA  2015 brings to you the quizzing event which will leave you enthralled.
 Sports, sciences, history and a complete aptitude of anything and everything, this event promises to find the finest of readers across. Register Now!


SPORTS,DHRUV-
Before you start, go into flashback and think if you ever wanted to be a part of Northern India's Biggest FEST . 
We bring forth the best of Sports and hardest of the challenges at EUREKA 2015. And if you think you have the guts to To make yourself come apart from the crowd, 
if you think you possess that smartness to overcome the challenges, then EUREKA's Sports is only for you. Get down and prove you are that "Sporty"One .
